# Goal
The objective is to navigate a set that contains the numbers from the list *nums* without their repetitions, in order to find a number that is repeated in the list *nums* for more than `len(nums)/2` times.

# Step by step
## Step 1: Loop for
Create a *loop for* that loops through each element of the list converted to *set*. This conversion will generate a set that will contain the elements only once, that is, without their repetitions.

## Step 2: Conditional Structure
Within a conditional structure, we will individually evaluate the elements provided by the *loop for* in order to determine whether their occurrence in the list *nums* is greater than `len(nums)/2`. If this condition is true, the variable *majority*, corresponding to the majority element, will be equal to the element *x* evaluated. In this case, the for loop is terminated by the break command; otherwise, the assessment continues.

## Step 3: Return the value of the function

The last step is to return the value of the *majorityElement()* function as the *majority* variable.

# Code
```
class Solution:
    def majorityElement(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        # Step 1
        for x in set(nums):
            # Step 2
            if nums.count(x)>len(nums)/2:
                majority = x
                break
        # Step 3
        return majority
```
# Analyzing an example
## Let's use the following example: `nums = [3,2,3]`
1. In the **first step** the range to be covered by the for loop is the set generated by converting the list *nums*. It will be: `set(nums) = {3,2}`. Thus containing the numbers in the list *nums* without repetitions.

2. In the **second step** the condition: `nums.count(x)>len(nums)/2` will be evaluated for each element of the previously defined *set*.
- For element 3: Counting the number of appearances of element 3, `nums.count(x)`, will return the value 2, which is greater than `len(nums)/2` which is equal to 1.5. This way, the condition is true, so the *majority* variable will be assigned the value of this element and the for loop will be terminated.

3. In the **third step** the value of the variable *majority* will be returned to the function, equal to 3.

## →Thus, the majority element of the array `nums = [3,2,3]` is: 3.

---
# ◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪
# Thanks for reading! 😊 
# ◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪◩◪
